Module 3 - Lesson One - Graded Assignment

Q1. What are sensitivity and specificity in the context of medical image diagnosis?
✅ Sensitivity is the ratio of true positives found to positives in the dataset, and specificity is the ratio of true negatives found to negatives in the dataset.
❌ Sensitivity is the ratio of true negatives found to negatives in the dataset, and specificity is the ratio of true positives found to positives in the dataset.
❌ Sensitivity is the ratio of true positives found to negatives in the dataset, and specificity is the ratio of true negatives found to positives in the dataset.
❌ Sensitivity is the ratio of true negatives found to positives in the dataset, and specificity is the ratio of true positives found to negatives in the dataset.

Q2. In the figure from Gulshan et. al., how did the machine perform relative to the ophthalmologists for the task of diagnosing diabetic retinopathy?
❌ The machine outperformed 95% of ophthalmologists.
✅ The machine outperformed 80% of ophthalmologists.
❌ The machine outperformed 50% of ophthalmologists.
❌ The machine outperformed 20% of ophthalmologists.
❌ The machine outperformed 5% of ophthalmologists.

Q3. A high value in the convolution indicates a ____________ feature.
✅ Matched
❌ Unmatched

Q4. What is the result of convolving a filter with a two-dimensional image?
✅ A heat map, where bright spots indicate feature detection.
❌ A line drawing, where the edges are indicated by bright lines.
❌ A silhouette of the feature, if the image matches the filter.
❌ An image that is the average of the filter with the original image.



Module 3 - Lesson 2 - Graded Assignment

1. What is meant by “volume” of feature maps?
✅ Combining all of the feature maps for different features into a stack.
⬜ Each feature is run multiple times to form a stack.
⬜ The filter can have a stride of more than one for a smaller feature map.
⬜ Filters to identify three-dimensional information.


2. How is color accounted for in a filter?
✅ Three color channels are separated to create a volume filter.
⬜ Each filter must be at least 3x3 for the three color channels.
⬜ A volume of feature maps is fed to the next step of the network.
⬜ The color channels are averaged to form a grayscale image.


3. Which of the following are example activation functions?
✅ Sigmoid function
✅ Hyperbolic tangent function
✅ Rectified linear unit
⬜ Linear function
⬜ Sine function


4. Which of the following operations are used in pooling?
✅ Maximum
✅ Mean
⬜ Minimum
⬜ Convolution


5. What is a fully connected layer?
✅ A layer in which each data point is connected via a weight to the upstream elements.
⬜ A layer containing the feature maps of all lower-level features.
⬜ A layer that fully utilizes convolution.
⬜ A layer in which each data point is pooled to downsample the feature maps.



Week 3 Comprehensive - Graded Assignment

    Which of the following indicates whether a doctor or machine is doing well at finding positive examples in a dataset?
    ✅ Sensitivity
    ⬜ Specificity
    ⬜ Positive Predictive Value
    ⬜ Likelihood Ratio

    Which of the following is used to distinguish the false positive rate from the false negative rate?
    ✅ Specificity
    ⬜ Negative Predictive Value
    ⬜ False Negative
    ⬜ Sensitivity

    Which of the following is the best conceptual definition of one-dimensional convolution?
    ✅ “Sliding” of two signals, where a matched feature gives a high value of convolution.
    ⬜ “Inverting” of a shape, where the inversion matches a feature.
    ⬜ “Intertwining” of two signals, where one wraps around the other to form a feature.
    ⬜ “Distortion” of one signal, according to the feature shape.

    Which of the following can a user choose when designing a convolutional layer? (Choose all that are correct.)
    ✅ Filter size
    ✅ Filter stride
    ✅ Filter number
    ⬜ Filter weights
    ⬜ Filter depth

    What is a fully connected readout?
    ✅ A layer with a single neuron for each output class.
    ⬜ The vectorization of a pooling layer.
    ⬜ A layer with ten classifications.
    ⬜ A layer with connections to all feature maps.

    Why are nonlinear activation functions preferable?
    ✅ Nonlinear activation functions increase the functional capacity of the neural network by allowing the representation of nonlinear relationships between features in input.
    ⬜ Nonlinear activation functions are NOT preferable to linear ones, as they lose information in systems with high variance.
    ⬜ Nonlinear activation functions are preferable because they have been used historically.
    ⬜ Nonlinear activation functions are preferable because they are used in generalized linear models in statistics.

    Which of the following are benefits of pooling? (Choose all that are correct.)
    ✅ Reduces computational complexity.
    ✅ Combats overfitting.
    ✅ Encourages translational invariance.
    ⬜ Decreases bias.
    ⬜ Vectorizes the data.

    How are parameters that minimize the loss function found in practice?
    ✅ Stochastic gradient descent
    ⬜ Gradient descent
    ⬜ Fractal geometry
    ⬜ Simplex algorithm

    Which of the following is an advantage of hierarchical representation of image features?
    ✅ Better leveraging all training data.
    ⬜ Decreasing variance in the model.
    ⬜ Decreasing the computational complexity.
    ⬜ Eliminating bias.

    Why does transfer learning work?
    ✅ Top-level features are specialized for a particular task, while low-level features are universal to all images.
    ⬜ All layers of filters can be learned by studying the mammalian receptive fields.
    ⬜ Low-level features are specialized for a particular task, while top-level features are universal to all images.
    ⬜ All images are composed of pixels with three color channels.
