
---

Week 1 Comprehensive – Graded Assignment

Q1. Which of the following are necessary for supervised machine learning?
✅ Labeled training data
✅ A model
✅ Learning from data
❌ Human to teach the machine

Q2. What decision boundary can logistic regression provide?
✅ Linear
❌ Smooth curves
❌ Jagged edges
❌ Arbitrarily complex functions

Q3. What is the primary advantage of using multiple filters?
✅ This allows the model to look for subtypes of the classification.
❌ This requires less compute power.
❌ This is simpler to implement.
❌ More complexity is always better.

Q4. Which one of the following best describes transfer learning in the context of document analysis?
❌ All parameters of the model are transferable across all people and documents.
✅ Parameters at the bottom of the model are transferable across all people and documents, while the parameters at the top are different between individuals.
❌ Parameters at the top of the model are transferable across all people and documents, while the parameters at the bottom are different between individuals.
❌ All parameters of the model are different between individuals.

Q5. Given the following image of data classifications, which of the following models would you choose?
(Without the image, this depends on the complexity of the classification. If it's linearly separable, choose Logistic Regression. Otherwise, choose Multilayer Perceptron.)
✅✅ Logistic regression (if linearly separable)
✅ Multilayer perceptron (if complex patterns are present)

Q6. What new feature did neural networks acquire in 2010?
✅ A new name: Deep Learning
❌ A new computational platform: the GPU
❌ A new operation: convolution
❌ A new application: image search

Q7. Which of the following is convolved with layer 2 features, or sub-motifs?
✅ Layer 1 feature map
❌ Layer 2 feature map
❌ Layer 3 feature map

Q8. Which of the following gives the best conceptual meaning of convolution?
✅ Shifting a filter to every location in an image.
❌ Selecting an atomic element from an image.
❌ Stacking a collection of feature maps.
❌ Surveying a feature map for high-level motif.

Q9. What does transfer learning mean in the context of medical imaging?
✅ Weights of convolutional layers learned from ImageNet transfer to medical images, so we only need to learn new parameters at the top of the network.
❌ Just as assigning categories to images in ImageNet required millions of images, so too does analyzing medical images require millions of labeled medical images.
❌ Once the convolutional layers are learned from labeled medical images, the top layers can be inferred from the parameters found with data from ImageNet.
❌ Sufficient labeled radiological images can be used to learn all of the model parameters, so they can be used for ophthalmological or dermatological images.

Q10. What is the primary advantage of having a deep architecture?
✅ The model shares knowledge between motifs through their shared substructures.
❌ The parameters of a deep architecture are less expensive to compute.
❌ A model can learn each top-level motif in isolation.
❌ There is a higher probability that each motif is used in the classifier.


---
